okay guys today I'm gonna show you how
to burn a CD with music on it that you
can play in your average everyday CD
player such as the one you probably have
in your car if it's not newer now to do
this first of all you're going to need a
computer that can burn a CD or dvd
secondly you're gonna need the music
that you are burn which I have put in
here for the sake of time and
convenience and third you're gonna need
a really cool program called free studio
now it has a lot of really cool things
you can do with it but for this we're
just going to need the impudent option
now to get program you can go to DVD
video soft calm or you can search DD
video soft audio converter and it should
be about the first option that you come
up with you're gonna just click download
but I don't need to because I already
have it so once you have that downloaded
and installed gonna go to free studio
and into the free audio converter what
you're going to do now is you're going
to drag and drop all the songs that you
want to convert into this little section
here or you can click the add files bar
now you can choose a place you want to
save it to and this is what it's going
to format it as you want to click the
wav file format because that is what
your standard audio player will use and
also for the second viens i have already
converted them so once you have them in
there you just convert so I don't need
these anymore and now I have a converted
music wav files now what you're going to
want to do with these is you're going to
want to select all of them so you do
this and then you're going to want to go
to my computer and stick them on a disc
that you already thanked CD - artist you
could use a CD + R I'm not sure how it
would work I've just you CD - part
because I've heard that that is the best
way to go whenever you burning a file
such as this now unit select all of
these and right click go right click on
it click to add to windows make your
player list you can pause this click on
this little things to special library in
the rut upper right-hand corner and then
you when you go to the burn section I'm
going to click import unsaved list and
then you are I don't know if you can
name it but you just click burn list
alright and that's that's how you name
it and I'm David ac/dc music just click
enter and then click start burn
this is your burning steps obviously and
thanks to be of time-lapse you can see
the finished product whenever we are
done
you
okay so now that this is done just kick
back and enjoy the music that you just
burn to the CD
thank you for watching rate comment
subscribe and you know I will see you
guys later